readme.md, before:

# Request and response logger

Add plugin into traefik static configuration

```yml
experimental:
  plugins:
    traefik-middleware-request-logger:
      moduleName: "github.com/cookielab/traefik-middleware-request-logger"
      version: "v0.0.3"
```

Add plugin into traefik via dynamic configuration (kubernetes)

```yml
apiVersion: traefik.containo.us/v1alpha1
kind: Middleware
metadata:
    name: my-traefik-middleware-request-logger
    namespace: my-namespace
spec:
    plugin:
        traefik-middleware-request-logger:
            ContentTypes:
                - application/json
            Limits:
                MaxBodySize: "1048576"
            RequestIDHeaderName: X-Request-ID
            StatusCodes:
                - 200
```

Configuration:


```yml
---
ContentTypes: # log only these content types
  - application/json
Limits:
  MaxBodySize: 1048576 # max size of request/response body
RequestIDHeaderName: X-Request-ID # save uniq request id into this header
StatusCodes: # log only these status codes
  - 200
```

Conditions use "AND" (all conditions must be true). When request or response size exeed limit, the info string is present.

Commit message:

feat(log): allow to log target

readme.md, after:

# Request and response logger

Add plugin into traefik static configuration

```yml
experimental:
  plugins:
    traefik-middleware-request-logger:
      moduleName: "github.com/cookielab/traefik-middleware-request-logger"
      version: "v0.0.3"
```

Add plugin into traefik via dynamic configuration (kubernetes)

```yml
apiVersion: traefik.containo.us/v1alpha1
kind: Middleware
metadata:
    name: my-traefik-middleware-request-logger
    namespace: my-namespace
spec:
    plugin:
        traefik-middleware-request-logger:
            ContentTypes:
                - application/json
            Limits:
                MaxBodySize: "1048576"
            RequestIDHeaderName: X-Request-ID
            StatusCodes:
                - 200
```

Configuration:


```yml
---
ContentTypes: # log only these content types
  - application/json
Limits:
  MaxBodySize: 1048576 # max size of request/response body
RequestIDHeaderName: X-Request-ID # save uniq request id into this header
StatusCodes: # log only these status codes
  - 200
LogTarget: stdout # or "stderr" or "url"
LogTargetUrl: https://consumer.logs.example.com/input
```

Conditions use "AND" (all conditions must be true). When request or response size exeed limit, the info string is present.
